0--)Fractal of Rube Goldberg machines …
1--)And yet work it does
2--)Even after I disconnected one of the more sensitive server racks
3--)Notes on a Friday Night:
4--)Twitter votes for the right haha
5--)Tweet impression count should
6--)Congratulations Tesla Team!!
7--)Model Y just broke the bestselling car record in Norway, held since 1969 by the Beetle! 
8--)Twitter is rolling out View Count, so you can see how many times a tweet has been seen! This is normal for video.

Shows how much more alive Twitter is than it may seem, as over 90% of Twitter users read, but don’t tweet, reply or like, as those are public actions.
9--)Meant to say impressions
10--)Track Mode coming to Model Y Performance
11--)Is this true, 
@SenatorSinema
 and 
@SenatorTester
?
12--)An amendment by Sens Sinema & Tester is designed to ensure a porous border. A wolf in sheep's clothing to  mislead the American people to believe Dems are doing something to secure our borders. It merely provides them cover to vote against my extension of Title 42 protections.
13--)One of many product improvements coming to financial Twitter! 

Nice work by Twitter team.
14--)$Cashtags, now with data 

 $SPY 
15--).
@SenSchumer
 & 
@LeaderMcConnell
, the public has spoken. 

They are overwhelmingly against this giant spending bill.
16--)Should Congress approve the $1.7 trillion omnibus spending bill?
17--)Sustainable cars powered by sustainable energy
18--)Supercharging powered by the sun 
19--)I’m in favor of a small spending bill to keep things running, but common sense suggests that it be the least amount required through the holidays. 

Railroading through a giant spending bill that almost no one has read is unlikely to be in the best interests of the people.
20--)I will resign as CEO as soon as I find someone foolish enough to take the job! After that, I will just run the software & servers teams.
21--)Whether for or against, please let your elected representatives know what you think about this $1.7 trillion spending bill that they’re trying to pass!
22--)Holy sheep shit. The government was actually paying Twitter to censor people.
@elonmusk
, maybe there is a way to make Twitter profitable! (Though will cost you your soul.)
23--)46. The FBI’s influence campaign may have been helped by the fact that it was paying Twitter millions of dollars for its staff time.

“I am happy to report we have collected $3,415,323 since October 2019!” reports an associate of Jim Baker in early 2021.
24--)Today, we’re rolling out Twitter Blue for Business, a new program that lets businesses distinguish their brands and key employees on Twitter. These accounts will show a square company badge next to their display names.
25--)Be your own utility with Solar & Powerwall →
26--)We’ve completed 500k+ Solar Panel and Solar Roof installations—that’s equal to ~4 GW of clean energy 
27--)Stats on Twitter World Cup
28--)Starlink now has more than 1,000,000 active subscribers – thank you to all customers and members of the Starlink team who contributed to this milestone  http://starlink.com
29--)1. TWITTER FILES: PART 7

The FBI & the Hunter Biden Laptop

How the FBI & intelligence community discredited factual information about Hunter Biden’s foreign business dealings both after and *before* The New York Post revealed the contents of his laptop on October 14, 2020
30--)Those who want power are the ones who least deserve it
31--)Elvis is in the building
32--)1.THREAD: Twitter Files Supplemental
33--)As the saying goes, be careful what you wish, as you might get it
34--)Falcon 9 launches the Surface Water and Ocean Topography (SWOT) mission to orbit; first stage booster returns to Earth
35--)KABOOM 
36--)1. THREAD: The Twitter Files, Part Six
TWITTER, THE FBI SUBSIDIARY
37--)So inspiring to see the newfound love of freedom of speech by the press 
38--)Meanwhile, Twitter usage (by real humans) once again reaches all-time highs
39--)Great questions
40--)Should real-time doxxing be allowed on Twitter?
41--)And soon, ladies & gentlemen, the coup de grâce
42--)Twitter right now is 
43--)A warm welcome to all the newest converts to the great American cause of free speech!
44--)Unsuspend accounts who doxxed my exact location in real-time
45--)Sorry, too many options. Will redo poll.
46--)If anyone posted real-time locations & addresses of NYT reporters, FBI would be investigating, there’d be hearings on Capitol Hill & Biden would give speeches about end of democracy!
47--)I love Barbara Streisand lol
48--)Tesla Electric lets Powerwall owners generate, use & export sustainable power to run their homes
49--)Introducing Tesla Electric, the electricity plan that offers low-cost clean energy for homes with Powerwall—starting in Texas → https://tesla.com/electric
50--)Ship 24 completes a single-engine static fire test at Starbase in Texas
51--)Giga Texas hits 3k Model Y builds/week. 

Congrats, Tesla team! 
52--)We're now targeting no earlier than 6:46am ET (1146 UTC) on Friday, Dec. 16, for launch of the Surface Water and Ocean Topography mission. The satellite is healthy & the forecast remains favorable for liftoff on Friday morning. Follow https://blogs.nasa.gov/swot/ for mission updates.
53--)We’re set to launch the Surface Water and Ocean Topography (SWOT) satellite at 6:46am ET (1146 UTC) on Dec. 15. SWOT will evaluate the world’s oceans, lakes, and rivers, #TrackingWorldWater and the effects of climate change. https://youtube.com/watch?v=maI09QHicTg…
54--)Starlink will provide high-speed internet to the 
@MuscowpetungRez
 in Saskatchewan, Canada starting next year
55--)The Muscowpetung Saulteaux Nation is ready to rocket into 2023 with the rollout of @SpaceX’s Starlink to every home on the nation! This exciting achievement is a part of our 'Infrastructure Investment Plan' to enhance our quality of life! Press Release: http://muscowpetung.com
56--)Last night, car carrying lil X in LA was followed by crazy stalker (thinking it was me), who later blocked car from moving & climbed onto hood.

Legal action is being taken against Sweeney & organizations who supported harm to my family.
57--)Anyone recognize this person or car?
58--)Liftoff!
59--)Deplatforming the President (cont.)
60--)1. TWITTER FILES, PART 4

The Removal of Donald Trump: January 7

As the pressure builds, Twitter executives build the case for a permanent ban
61--)Beginning today, Community Notes are visible around the world 
62--)Twitter is both a social media company and a crime scene
63--) Congrats Morocco!! 
64--)The Twitter Files, Part 3

Deplatforming the President
65--)1.     THREAD: The Twitter Files
THE REMOVAL OF DONALD TRUMP
Part One: October 2020-January 6th
66--)If the Fed raises rates again next week, the recession will be greatly amplified
67--)Good for 
@SenatorSinema
! I hope more of our elected leaders act independently, aka in the interests of the people.
68--)Something I always admired about American legislators, at least historically, was that they would sometimes vote against the party line
69--)40 Megapack units balance the grid in Lessines, Belgium—making it the biggest operational energy storage system in continental Europe
70--)Twitter will soon start freeing the name space of 1.5 billion accounts
71--)These are obvious account deletions with no tweets & no log in for years
72--)Congrats on Game of Year!
73--)Trees of thought
74--)Great work by Twitter Spaces team!
75--)1.1 million total listeners tuned in live at some point.
76--)Tune in for Episode 2 of The Twitter Files tomorrow!
77--)Looks like we will need another day or so
78--)Pretty wild that you can engage in back-and-forth dialogue with over 100k people live on Twitter Spaces!
79--)Calling all businesses and professionals 

Visit our SMB resources page to download the guide to getting the most out of Twitter this holiday season
80--)I am not expressing an opinion, but did promise to conduct this poll.

Should Assange and Snowden be pardoned?
81--)Just a note to thank advertisers for returning to Twitter
82--)SBF was bad at League. Nuff said.
8